docs: fix URL for Zitadel k8s deployment guide (#78)
zitadel/zitadel-charts: README.md

## Install the Chart

> Follow the [guide for deploying ZITADEL on Kubernetes](https://docs.zitadel.com/guides/deploy/kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [guide for deploying ZITADEL on Kubernetes](https://zitadel.com/docs/self-hosting/deploy/kubernetes).
```
